Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Where is my text?
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Hi, there.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: I'm Anna! I completely understand how overwhelming it can be to start. Learn a new language. I've been there too.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: and if you are Russian or Ukrainian speaker, and you are trying to learn English, or if you want to learn Russian or Ukrainian.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: I'm here to guide you through it. My classes are designed for beginners, whether online or offline, and
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: I'll be right by your side, helping you through each challenge.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Let's take step by step, and together we will make a progress and build your confidence, ready to start.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Book a trail lesson today, and take your 1st step towards learning a new language, Suka.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: So so I will never. I will never do this again, because you are filming me, filming me. You're filming. No, no, but I was gonna tell you that you need to be more enthusiastic. But I'm shy already.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Me on your phone. Yeah, that was hot.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: No, but I wanted to show it, because it's too. It's taking too long.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: You, too.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: It looks a lot that you're that you're very.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Let's take step by step.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: you know. Use your hands. So also for me to tell you. Let's go step by step, steps by step.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: and you have to ensure, when you sound confident to build your confidence.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: vocalize more and say more letter by letter today, book trial lesson today and let's start
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: more energy
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: speaker and a bit faster
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: together.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: It's better. Are you ready to start and smile?
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: And it is my mind. Are you ready to start?
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Hello.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: and then you will.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Okay, don't feel me again. Because, okay, can you just leave.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: go to poop and I will do it myself. Please go to Poop, go to shower.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: go to the toilets dancing today.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Can you leave?
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: You're making me shy. You're just laughing on me. You're pushing me to to learn to teach English, and I don't know English.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Come on. Let's do this.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: What are you doing, Skrisk? You're just doing
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: screens from my face. Why are you smiling like you're doing screens from my face? He was doing like this, and then he then the camera person he was like, Caesar, show me.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Okay. I will not tell anything until you will show me going away to me.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Can we dance today? Is closed? If so, holiday? Monday.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Okay.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: that's why he does.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Hello.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: And then I get rid of it depends.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Can you leave, please? Just I will do it good. Just leave go to poop.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: You are always pooping.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Okay.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Hi, there! I'm Anna, and I completely understand how overwhelming it can be to learn a new language. I've been there, too, if you are Russian or Ukrainian speaker trying to learn English, or if you want to learn Russian or Ukrainian. I'm here to guide you through it.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: My classes are designed
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: for beginners, whether online or offline, and I'll be right by your side, helping you through each challenge.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Let's take step by step, and together we will make a progress and build your confidence ready to start. Book a trail lesson today and take your 1st step toward learning a new language.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Come back.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: So you finished? I think so.
Sebastian Cajas Ordonez: Anyway.